I started the coding challenge to find any correlation between two elements of the data set. After using multiple libraries such as pandas, matplotlib, and numpy, I decided to use the seaborn library. I primarily chose to use this library due to the various visualization aspects that could perfectly display my thinking. 

Cleaning and understanding the dataset:
I decided to use Numpy and Pandas to organize the dataset. I first created a data frame to visualize the data in a matrix format. I used the set index command to set the Star type as the index of the data frame. The remaining categories were set as columns by default when the data frame was created. The other categories such as "Temperature," "Luminosity," and "Spectral Type" each displayed an list of values. In order to clearly see all the columns and find an association, I used the .columns command to find out the various columns. In order to find out how to associate different columns, I used the .info function to find out the value types of all the columns. After finding out that "Temperature" and "Luminosity" were int and float type values respectively, I displayed an edited data frame that only displayed "Temperature" and "Luminosity." Because there was no noticable association with the data frame, I pivoted to other libraries.

Visualizing the dataset:
After failing to visualize the dataset with just Numpy and Pandas, I searched the internet for the best libraries to plot data. After thorough searching, I landed on Matplotlib. Although I thought this would solve all my problems, I did not realize that the base Matplotlib did not allow me to plot multiple types of graphs with ease. After reading the documentation of Matplotlib, I could plot basic lineplots. I discovered the Seaborn library that builds off of Matplotlib, Numpy, and Pandas while reading the documentation. After reading the documentation for Seaborn library, I learned how to plot multiple types of plots and graphs such as the "bar," "lmplot," and "jointplot." Using the "barplot," I was able to plot multiple plots with different columns in different axes. I was able to establish a relationship between "Star Type" and "Sepctral Class" with "Start Type" as the x-axis and "Spectral class" as the y-axis. There seemed to be an increase in the number assigned to the "Star Type" as the more blue a star is. Since my previous plots showed a relationship between "Sepctral Class" and "Temperature," I decided to graph an "lmplot." This allowed me to establish a relationship with "Spectral Class" and "Temperature." Upon carefully examining the relationship with "Termperature" and other columns, I found the closest relationship with "Luminosity." I added "Luminosity" to the "lmplot" with the x-axis being the "Star Type," the y-axis being the "Temperature," and the hue being "Luminosity." This plot allowed me to see a clear relationship between all the three elements. For example, the "Luminosity" increased as the number assigned to the "Star Type" increased. Additionally, the "Temperature" also increased with the "Star Type." There was an interesting pattern with this plot as "Star Type" 3 served as a middle value that did now show as strong of a relationship between the higher and lower values of the "Temperatyure" and "Luminosity" columns.
